# Meeting 2015-04-17

Date: 2015-04-17

Facilitator:

Participants: Christian Persson, Jakob Holmgren, Johan Andersson, Rikard Hjort

### Objectives
Resolve any issues preventing the team to continue.

Short clear description ([use an issue tracking system](http;//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Issue_tracking_system/)).

### Reports
* Set up development environment
* Implemented a SeqDia
* Decided to use Gradle instead of Maven
* Able to run unit tests

### Discussion items
What to do on monday?
* Present the project (idea)
* Show the (preliminary) GUI, one slide
* Show the (preliminary) analysis/domain model. One UML-class diagram- slide
* Quick walkthrough of model (responsibilities for classes, associations, ... ). Does the model reflect the problem?

What to do til Thursday?
* Runnable prototype (console commands is enough) (simplified hardcode prototype)
    - Thrown into a fictive match, register
    - part2: register two users who are only stored for the current session (in a list). list registered users so we see that they exist.

We have discussed and designed a very simple GUI-model together on the whiteboard.

### Outcomes and assignments
* Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other documentation (add terms to wordbook)
* From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each groupmember issues to solve.

* Johan: Seq dias, code the playing-part on Sunday for presentation on Monday.
* Jakob: code the playing-part on Sunday for presentation on Monday.
* Rikard: code the playing-part on Sunday for presentation on Monday.
* Christian: code the register-part on Sunday for presentation on Monday.

### Wrap up
* Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
* Write down time and location for next meeting.
