# Meeting 2015-05-21
> Green as weed.
>
> - <cite>Johan Andersson</cite>

Date: 2015-05-21

Facilitator: Rikard Hjort

Participants: Rikard Hjort, Johan Andersson, Christian Persson, Jakob Holmgren

### Objectives
No real "issues": we just have a list of things to do. All of them are minor issues and available in our issue tracker.

### Reports
The GUI is coming along very nicely, as well as the database. It is now possible to use the GUI to register a new user, log in, and log out. It is also possible to play a match using the GUI, with keyboard shortcuts (for the most part).

The calculators have implemented a lot of helper methods to calculate statistics. The calculation of accuracy now seems to be working as intended, and more statistical calculations should be easy to implement using the new helper methods.

### Discussion items
Our main focus now should be to implement enough functionality to enable persistant storage of matches in the database, as well as recording them and saving them from the GUI.

After that, the statistics view (and perhaps the calculcators) should be the main focus, so that the statistics part of the application is at all functioning.

### Outcomes and assignments
* Johan will continue working on being able to save matches in the database, as well as retrieving saved matches from the database.
* Christian will write unit tests for the `SingleMatchCalculator` class, and (if there's time) implement more statistical calculations.
* Jakob will work on the GUI: first making sure that matches can be saved from the match view; secondly work on the statistics view, using JavaFX Graphs.
* Rikard will shift focus to documentation, such as writing the SDD and RAD documents.

### Wrap up
The next meeting will take place on Monday, 25th of May, 08:00.
