# Meeting 2015-05-07
> Det är som möten. Man är inte produktiv, men man är glad att man gjort det.
>
> - <cite>Rikard Hjort</cite>

Date: 2015-05-07

Facilitator: Rikard Hjort

Participants: Rikard Hjort, Christian Persson, Jakob Holmgren, Johan Andersson

### Objectives
Rikard will introduce some fairly breaking changes to the git structure, so we have to make sure that any merge/rebase conflicts are resolved.

### Reports
* Johan has set up a MySQL database and has some ideas for the Java connection code.
* Christian has written a "task queue" interface, and is working on an implementation using a local text file.
* Rikard has done research on a good, model-driven design (a "facade") that will make the connection between the persistent storage and the model of the application stable and well-working.
* Jakob has decided to not help Rikard with the facade, and instead turn to learning JavaFX and implementing a basic GUI for the application.

### Discussion items
If there is more than one instance of the `User` class representing the same physical person, and `User` instances are mutable, there can arise confusion about which instance is the "real" one. Therefore we should have some kind of functionality "under the hood" that makes sure that this doesn't happen. The `UserLedger` class should be the only way to acquire `User` instances, so the aforementioned functionality should reside in there.

The basic GUI should interact as little as possible with the model. The top priority should be getting keyboard interaction to work, e.g. hitting `Space` for hit and `G` for miss. The GUI will not use the `event bus` that we have discussed before, and instead will simply poll the match for stuff that the GUI wants to know about.

### Outcomes and assignments
* Jakob will research basic JavaFX and begin constructing the GUI prototype.
* Christian will continue working on the "task queue" and a text file-based implementation of it.
* Rikard will convert the `UserLedger` class into a "repository" (as specified in the book *Domain-Driven Design*). Rikard will also create the facade interface and work on the theory and background in the project report.
* Johan will finalize the database and create the connection from Java to the database.

A `Match` should have a specatator, which is the `User` that is registering the results for the `Match`, but since we have not implemented logging in yet, the results will be spectated by a "guest user".

### Wrap up
The next meeting will take place Monday 11th of May, 08:00.
