# Meeting 2015-05-04
> [...] annars kommer vi få slicka buggar med sked.
>
> - <cite>Rikard Hjort</cite>

Date: 2015-05-04

Facilitator: Rikard Hjort

Participants: Christian Persson, Rikard Hjort, Johan Andersson, Jakob Holmgren

### Objectives
The Cortège, and accompanying "Cortègemästerskapen", are now over, so all group members are able to fully focus on working on the project.

A concrete way of tracking resolved issues is using the GitHub tracker. Since the last meeting, 9 issues have been opened, and 3 of them have been resolved – each of the resolved ones have implemented some new functionality, or resolved a bug.

### Reports
On Tuesday 28th of April, we had an "impromptu" meeting where we decided to not use an online database after all, because of security concerns (mainly not wanting to expose root access to a remote database). We also further discussed our own "event bus" design, for triggering and listening for events (for example in the GUI).

### Discussion items
Next week, on Thursday 14th of May, there will be an internal (for the IT section) tournament for caps. That would be an ideal opportunity to test our application in a real usage situation.

If we would decide to move to an online database later, we would have to deal with CapStat clients possibly losing internet connections. Therefore it makes sense to use some kind of local storage of matches, that will act as persistent storage until an internet connection is available. One way of doing this would be to write database queries to a text file, and have some part of the program read this file and run the queries against a database when a connection is available. Even though we will only use local databases for the purposes of this project, it makes sense to take the above mentioned things into consideration, in order to not paint ourselves into a corner if we want to extend the application later on.

### Outcomes and assignments
* There is a large use case that we will work towards, SaveMatch.
* Johan will write code to set up the database structure, and will look into connecting to the database from Java.
* Christian will look into writing to and reading from a text file for temporary storage of matches (as mentioned above).
* Rikard will begin working on a facade (interface) for providing functionality for persistent storage, as well as connecting that facade to the model of the application.
* Jakob will work together with Rikard on the facade.
* All group members will continously work on writing and resolving issues on the issue tracker.

### Wrap up
The next meeting will take place on Thursday, 7th of May.
