# Meeting 2015-05-28
Date: 2015-05-28

Facilitator: Rikard Hjort

Participants: Rikard Hjort, Christian Persson, Johan Andersson, Jakob Holmgren

### Objectives

### Reports
Reports from previous meeting.

Each group member reports outcome of assigned issues, see also 4)

### Discussion items

### Outcomes and assignments
Rikard will work on adding the finishing touches to the report, atking into consideration the peer response feedback that we receieved. The rest will work on the below issues, going in priority order from high to low.

#### MUST BE FINISHED
* It is currently not possible to save matches to the database, since the field for a uniquely identifying ID is too short (10 characters). The ID is made out of 17 numbers. Should be an easy fix, just expand the ID field in the database.
* When saving matches, make sure the scores are correct
* The match view/controller seems to register itself as listener multiple times, if multiple matches are played.
* Statistics view should be refactored into plotting `Plottable`s, not `Double`s
* RAD and SDD must be finished before turning in the project.

#### Could be finished
* Pressing Enter after entering password in login does not log you in. Annoying UI issue, should also probably easy to resolve.
* Pressing Escape while in a match will take you out of the match view, with no possibility to re-enter that same match. Might take a while to fix, but should be high priority.
* Write tests for parts of the system that needs them (using Jacoco to aid with finding those parts)

#### Extra stuff
* We should construct a test protocol for human tests, to make sure things work as intended for the user.
* There are a lots of println:s, they should be removed in "release build".
* We should try to javadoc everything before turning in the project.
* Check for having the same nickname twice when starting a match


### Wrap up
* Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
* Write down time and location for next meeting.
