# Meeting 2015-04-23

Date: 2015-04-23

Facilitator: Christian Persson

Participants: Christian Persson, Johan Andersson, Rikard Hjort, Jakob Holmgren

### Objectives
The Cortège, and general schoolwork, is preventing the group members from spending a lot of time working on the project.

Today's primary "issue" is to make sure each group member is up-to-date with the current progress of the project. Two prototypes for presentation (for later today) has been prepared, so we have to make sure each member can compile and run these prototypes.

### Reports
Christian has implemented basic classes and functionality for registering new users in the system. He has also prepared a prototype for registering new users and listing them. The prototype is very primitive so far, since we have not decided more exactly how the persistant storage of data (in a database) is to be carried out.

Rikard and Jakob has implemented basic classes and functionality for playing a match and recording the results. They have also prepared a prototype for a simple demo match, where you can register hits and misses as intended, and the application can figure out the state of the match, and more.

### Discussion items
The discussion was based mostly around how to handle erronous input from the spectator of a game, in order to preserve as good statistical correctness as possible.

### Outcomes and assignments
We decided to have a special class for handling a sequence of Throws (aptly named ThrowSequence), and let that class handle changes in the match's state, that are input by the user.

### Wrap up
The next meeting will take place on Monday, 27th of April, at 08:00 in room M1205.
