# Meeting 2015-04-27

Date: 2015-04-27

Facilitator: Christian Persson

Participants: Christian Persson, Johan Andersson

### Objectives
We are currently in a part of the process where we have just finished one "iteration", which means that currently there are not many issues. The only issue right now is the lack of time, caused by the Cortège.

### Reports
Rikard has started using GitHub's issue tracker as, well, an issue tracker, but also as a "global TODO-list".

### Discussion items
We have defined an initial database structure for persistent storage of users and match results. Johan has drawn an "entity relationship diagram" that models how the tables in the database should look like. This diagram will probably be improved on later in the project, as the need for more data arises.

We have discussed which database technology to use. Johan has experience from Oracle since earlier, but the syntax is probably very alike to other databases. PostreSQL and MySQL are two open source alternatives, that are probably easier to set up on a remote Linux server (Oracle is not open source).

Another discussion item was how to handle all the events in the application, in order to e.g. build a GUI. One suggestion was to build our own central "event bus" that can handle organization of events and listeners.

### Outcomes and assignments
Christian and Rikard have private servers that they can use for running the remote databases, so one or more of these will be use as hosts.

The issue tracker will be used for members to pick issues from and work on. For example, Christian will take care of implementing the code for deciding the starting player for a match.

### Wrap up
Because of the Cortège, the meeting on Thursday will not take place as usual. The next meeting will instead take place on Monday, 5th of May, 08:00 in M1205.
