# Meeting 2015-04-21

Date: 2015-04-21

Facilitator: Rikard Hjort

Participants: Rikard Hjort, Christian Persson

### Objectives
Decide how to move forward with the prototype so that it is runnable on Thursday.

Fix issues with git (strange tree structures making it unclear what has happened in the project).

### Reports
Rikard: Has come some way with modeling a match and writing unit tests for matches.

Jakob (Not present, but was in contact with the rest of the team earlier today): Started work on the prototype for playing a match â€“ a simple, textbased interface for testing and demonstrating the model.

### Discussion items
The git tree has a few strange branching features. We spent a little while in the meeting helping each other to rebase the tree to more accurately represent the development process logic.

Matches vs Rounds: The logic of the model right now is based on a match class. Should it be refactored to make use of a Rounds class, which would take over much of the game logic?

We discussed UI logic. Should the UI be event driven, or more actively poll the model? No decision made, but a few interesting perspectives were lifted.

We would like to create our own Subscriber pattern classes, rather than use the ones available in the standard library (PropertyChangeEvent and Observable).

### Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
Meeting documents should from now on be written in markdown, for better GitHub integration. Christian will transcribe previous meeting documents to markdown and put them on GitHub.

Rikard finishes the model for a match class before tomorrow, and then starts helping Jakob with the prototype, if necessary.

### Wrap up
The next meeting will take place on Thursday, April 23rd, in room M1205, at 10:00.
